Product variant channel listing webhooks (stocks) (#7590)
mirumee/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Product variant channel listing webhooks (stocks) - #SALEOR-2993 by @mstrumeck

Reviewer: SALEOR-2993 is an internal task ID; in the changelog, we want to refer to PRs or commits that introduce described changes. Also, it may sounds too vague to the community; we want to describe as clearly as possible what has changed from their perspective. My suggestion:

```suggestion
- Add webhooks for stock changes: `PRODUCT_VARIANT_STOCK_CHANGED` and `PRODUCT_VARIANT_BACK_IN_STOCK`  - #7590 by @mstrumeck
```

> - Add webhooks for stock changes: `PRODUCT_VARIANT_OUT_OF_STOCK` and `PRODUCT_VARIANT_BACK_IN_STOCK`  - #7590 by @mstrumeck

Reviewer 2: newest changes goes on the bottom of unreleased section

Author: Done
